# Running on CI

When running on CI, consider the following specifics of how figx operates:

### Progress bar is disabled
CI environments typically do not support animated progress bars in stdout/stderr. `figx` will automatically disable it. To monitor the import process, use the `-v` flag to enable basic logging showing which resources are being processed.

Example: 
```bash
figx -v import //...
```

### Limit concurrency
CI runners often have a large number of logical cores. By default, `figx` uses a thread pool equal to the number of logical CPUs. On machines with 64+ threads, this may result in a flood of 429 and 500 errors from Figma REST API. It is strongly recommended to limit concurrency using the `-j` flag.

Example: 
```bash
figx -j8 import //... # only 8 threads will be spawned
```

### (Experimental) Metrics reporting

During execution, figx collects metrics on the number of resources scheduled, downloaded, and served from cache.
> For now, metrics are available for `fetch` and `import` commands only.

Output is saved to `.figx-out/caches/metrics.prom`.

### Caching Between Runs

To improve performance and minimize network usage, configure caching for the `.figx-out/caches` directory in your CI environment. This directory stores indexed Figma files and downloaded resources. On subsequent runs, `figx` can re-download **only** the resources that have changed in the Figma file, rather than fetching everything from scratch. This can drastically reduce execution time for repeated CI runs.
